---
layout:     post
title:      "Ward Allen"
subtitle:   " \"post again\""
date:       2016-02-14 12:00:00
author:     "iPortia"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 
---




I, Ward Allen, may have been wrong. Before you check to see if the fires of hell have turned to ice, let me emphasize that I would do or have done nothing different in my life. But it seems that perhaps our world met a fork in the road, and the world took one path, and I took the other. Perhaps this is an inevitable result and each of us are doomed to find ourselves on a path alone in the end, especially those of us who found the world as it was to be a close to perfect place, those who accepted that the affairs of men are like those of a river, where time and tide are the ultimate shapers of a life, where procreation, migration, and even death are spokes of the same wheel that turns heaven’s vault just the way it should. But there are others who are determined to reshape that wheel and turn back the tide, and they appear ready to do it. Maybe they are right, representing as they do, an impulse in the breast of man that drives our species toward restless industry. Maybe we are here to remake everything, reshape everything, create our own new idea of perfection and leave God’s idea to the dim shades of history. And maybe I, having fought against that new idea, rejected that idea, found that idea abhorrent. Maybe I was wrong. But I do not think so. Because I believe if we have grown as a species, it has been because of the test of wildness, and if we succeed in remaking wildness into mildness, the we will begin to diminish. But all I have accomplished is a broken knuckle or two and hurting myself and my own more than those who are the target of my calumny. So, perhaps I do better to take my pokes on these pages and take direction from the Bard—“Let there be gall enough in thy ink.” It’s worth a try. 
